README.md, before:

# Proxy List Builder
Proxy List builder is a tool to scrape proxies from many different websites. It is used to scrape proxies after every x minutes and store them into database.

### Website
Proxy list builder scrape proxies from following websites:
* https://free-proxy-list.net/
* https://www.us-proxy.org/
* https://www.sslproxies.org/
* https://www.socks-proxy.net/
* https://www.proxynova.com/proxy-server-list/
* http://www.gatherproxy.com/
* http://www.gatherproxy.com/
* http://list.proxylistplus.com/Fresh-HTTP-Proxy-List-1
* https://proxyhttp.net/free-list/anonymous-server-hide-ip-address/1#proxylist
* https://sockslist.net/proxy/server-socks-hide-ip-address/1#proxylist
* https://sockslist.net/list/proxy-socks-5-list/1#proxylist
* https://www.cool-proxy.net/proxies/http_proxy_list/sort:score/direction:desc
* http://spys.one/en/free-proxy-list/
* http://spys.one/en/https-ssl-proxy/
* http://spys.one/en/socks-proxy-list/
* http://spys.one/en/http-proxy-list/
* http://spys.one/en/non-anonymous-proxy-list/
* http://www.thebigproxylist.com/
* https://hugeproxies.com/home
* https://www.7xter.com/2017/03/top-proxy-sites-best-proxy-servers.html
* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/clarketm/proxy-list/master/proxy-list.txt
* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opsxcq/proxy-list/master/list.txt

### Installation
```sh
$ npm install proxy-list-builder
```
### Run
```sh
$ node index.js
```
### Development
Want to contribute? Great!

Feel free to contribute on [Github] public repository.
### Todos
 - Optimization and improvements in the code
 - Add more websites

 This is my first ever NodeJS project, so feel free to correct me if there is any issue
 Thanks 
 
 [Github]: <https://github.com/asadhaider13/proxy-list-builder>

Commit message:

blackhatworld proxies support added and minor code improvements

README.md, after:

# Proxy List Builder
Proxy List builder is a tool to scrape proxies from many different websites. It is used to scrape proxies after every x minutes and store them into database.

### Website
Proxy list builder scrape proxies from following websites:
* https://free-proxy-list.net/
* https://www.us-proxy.org/
* https://www.sslproxies.org/
* https://www.socks-proxy.net/
* https://www.proxynova.com/proxy-server-list/
* http://www.gatherproxy.com/
* http://www.gatherproxy.com/
* http://list.proxylistplus.com/Fresh-HTTP-Proxy-List-1
* https://proxyhttp.net/free-list/anonymous-server-hide-ip-address/1#proxylist
* https://sockslist.net/proxy/server-socks-hide-ip-address/1#proxylist
* https://sockslist.net/list/proxy-socks-5-list/1#proxylist
* https://www.cool-proxy.net/proxies/http_proxy_list/sort:score/direction:desc
* http://spys.one/en/free-proxy-list/
* http://spys.one/en/https-ssl-proxy/
* http://spys.one/en/socks-proxy-list/
* http://spys.one/en/http-proxy-list/
* http://spys.one/en/non-anonymous-proxy-list/
* http://www.thebigproxylist.com/
* https://hugeproxies.com/home
* https://www.7xter.com/2017/03/top-proxy-sites-best-proxy-servers.html
* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/clarketm/proxy-list/master/proxy-list.txt
* https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opsxcq/proxy-list/master/list.txt
* https://www.blackhatworld.com/seo/100-scrapebox-proxies.297574/
* https://www.blackhatworld.com/seo/gscraper-proxies.703493/

### Installation
```sh
$ npm install proxy-list-builder
```
### Run
```sh
$ node index.js
```
### Development
Want to contribute and make this tool better? Great!
Feel free to contribute on [Github] public repository.

### Todos
 - Optimization and improvements in the code
 - Add more websites

### Updates
 - BlackHatWorld Scrapebox and GScraper proxies support added
 - Minor fixes and improvements

 This is my first ever NodeJS project, so feel free to correct me if there is any issue. 
 
 [Github]: <https://github.com/asadhaider13/proxy-list-builder>
